# Code Submissions

<!--
  Copyright 2018-2022 Cargill Incorporated
  Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
  https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
-->

Augrim source code is hosted on GitHub in the [augrim/augrim
repository](https://github.com/augrim/augrim). When contributing code, please
follow these guidelines:

* Fork the repository and make your changes in a feature branch.

* Make sure that the unit and integration tests run successfully.

* If your changes affect the existing tests, update those tests as necessary.
  For a new feature, include new unit and integration tests for the feature.

* Ensure that the lint tests pass.

* Plan the commit or commits for your pull request. A pull request can contain a
  single commit or multiple commits. Most importantly, each commit should
  represent a self-contained change, such as a single fix or enhancement.
  For example, do not create a single commit that fixes a bug and adds a feature
  (create two commits instead). Use a single commit for all changes that fix a
  single issues (not multiple commits).

* Follow these guidelines for commit messages:

  - The commit message follows common Git conventions, as described in [The
    seven rules of a great Git commit
    message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#seven-rules)
    by Chris Beam.

  - Each commit includes a "Signed-off-by" line in the commit message (as
    generated by `git commit -s`). This sign-off is your agreement that the
    commit satisfies the [Developer Certificate of Origin
    (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org/).

  - Your email address in the commit message must match your GitHub email
    address. For more information, see [GitHub Help: Setting your commit email
    address](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-your-commit-email-address-in-git/).

* **Important**: If you need to rebase your pull request, be sure to rebase it
  against the current master branch. Do not merge the current master branch
  with your topic branch. Do not use the "Update Branch" button provided by
  GitHub on the pull request page.
